### Version 59.00.545A

Changes / improvements in version 59.00.545A:

*The following symptoms can be fixed by updating the software to the newest version (currently 59.000.545A). Improvements and fixes of malfunctions depend on the current software version (software) installed on the car.*

- When playing back from an audio device connected via Bluetooth, an illustration of the album is not available even if it is found in the Gracenote® database stored in the CMU memory.

- On some narrower roads, the speed limit on the navigation system screen is not displayed.

- If you select one of the stations stored in the selected radio, the radio can be tuned to receive another radio station.

- Devices with Android 8.0 are not recognized when connected via USB.

- **[For vehicles with an active driver display only]**, the Road Recognition System (TSR) after resetting to the factory settings (Factory Reset) does not store the time-of-warning setting for the allowed speed at which an alert should be issued.

- **[Portuguese]** Information on lanes / streets / bends may not be fully displayed on the display.

- Incoming calls, the display shows the wrong name of the caller.

- Invalid units of measurement may appear on the fuel economy monitoring function screen.

- The display of the mobile phone may flicker when it is connected via USB.

- **[Polish]** Due to incorrect translation, the home address is not deleted from the favorites list.

- The Traffic Signal Recognition System (TSR) does not give a warning corresponding to the selected setting for the speed limit alert. It can warn of a speed of 6 or 10 mph greater than the set speed.

- If you select a destination, an "House Number not found" pop-up message may appear in the address, even if you can actually select the address.

- If you try to enter the address of a new destination, another house number may appear for it, although the correct house number is actually selected.

- If you try to enter the address of a new destination, some house numbers may not appear in the list for selection.

- **[Only version 59.00.544, except 2017-2018 Mazda3 (manufactured in Mexico)]** When using the memory function for adjusting the seat position and the active driver display, an audible signal may not be output after automatic adjustment is completed. The display settings for navigation system prompts on the active driver display may not be saved for the function of storing seat position settings and the active driver display.

- No playback from i-Pod nano 5th generation.

- **[For vehicles with a front-view camera only]** A message appears on the central display to remove condensation from the windshield, even when there is no fogging. A fault message is displayed on the central display even if there is no fault.

- The graph on the screen of the fuel economy control function can be changed instead of once twice per minute.

- **[Swedish]** Wrong translation for the strip follower system. "Alarttiming" was changed to "Varningstiming".

- **[CX-9]** According to the specification, the display of the permitted speed is carried out only on the active driver display. This information should not be displayed on the central display.

- The tuning function is limited even when the engine is running. The tuning tab works in the same way as when the engine start switch is in the ACC state.

- **[German]** Invalid translation of automatic door locking settings

[Changelog Source](https://www.drive2.com/l/505812458368139493/)